-: Welcome back.
So in the previous section
we have seen this entire architecture,
which is nothing,
but whenever the request comes via internet
via slash star to our ingress, it will forward it
to user management node port service,
and from there, to our UMS part into MySQL.
So now we are going to understand
about Ingress Context Path Based routing.
So first thing comes here is like why we need
to have context path base routing?
So there, one thing, if we have multiple applications
which are deployed on our Kubernetes,
and then we want to expose them via ingress.
And then why you need to do that?
Because AWS application load balancer
is a costly load balancer.
And for each application,
whatever you deploy in your Kubernetes,
if you want to span one more application load balancer
then your cost is going to go so high.
And if your application supports
either the host header path routing or path based routing,
which is nothing but context part based routing.
So obviously we can use these features and then ensure
that we use only one load balancer in the front.
And then we can have multiple applications
in Kubernetes serving via internet
using context path based routing or hosted based routing.
So now moving on.
So this means like from previous architecture
we already know that what is ingress cluster control plane,
our available zones are public, private, subnets,
worker nodes, all these things.
So I just for a good depiction purpose,
I made these services to smaller, to restricted,
to this worker node.
But they are spanned across any number of worker nodes,
whatever is created as part of your cluster.
Just for depiction purpose only,
these were made shorter here, okay?
So I'll show you why it is, okay?
So I have two more applications coming in here,
one is app one which is a NGINX application
and app two one more NGINX application, right?
And this app one will have,
slash app one slash index dot HTML
as the context of the application inside that.
And this will have,
slash app two slash index dot HTML as the application.
So these both have two contexts.
One is slash app one, and the other is slash app two.
So now we will create the equivalent node port services
in front of these deployments.
App one and then app two.
So now here starts the equivalent path related information
we need to update in our ingress manifest.
So slash app one should go to node port service app one,
and slash app two should go to node port service app two.
And anything with slash star
should go to user management node port service.
So now as a user, when I try to access
with ALB DNS URL slash user management slash users,
so the request will go to slash star,
and then it will go away apart,
and then go back and then get to the RDS database,
and then provide the list of users.
So this we have seen already.
Now whenever user comes
with slash app one slash index dot HTML
or just a slash app one slash, some other file,
whatever is there, right?
So then what happens is,
once the request reaches this application load balancer,
it will verify the context path.
And if it is slash app one,
then go to app one node port service
and then start with the page from app one part here.
In the same way, if you have app two, then from,
it will go to the app two
in the application load balancer context,
and it will route to app two node port service,
and then start with the page from app two part.
So this entire thing we are going to implement now.
So let's go back over this one, and we should go
to our 0803 ALB ingress context path based routing, right?
So that is what we have discussed, the architecture.
So now we are going to this app one and app two
our simple NGINX custom-built images.
And while routing, we are going to update it
with app one NGINX node port service
in our respective ingress, basic our ingress context
about basic routing YAML files, okay?
So now we are going to create NGINX app one
and app two deployment and service in our next lecture,
and then move on with other steps.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye, thank you.